and as you mentioned that you actually
have some real world experience doing
this based on previous jobs as you head
so that's where so that the people are
fighting for free they may be there
finding somebody who's a hobbyist but
it's okay with you your course that you
mention all the pieces that is
structured gives him some examples and
answers and support the type of stuff
that but then on top of it
you have some real world you can bring
to it that understands they ok this is
how it works and why it works
yeah I think about a lot of me you know
my first course compelling with that I
tied it into a lot of really samples
that actually taste you know in my job
at Amazon and I was getting tell exactly
how we solve those problems
basis will come after me you know it's
hard to like real applications that
people see every day when they go to a
real people you know i think thats ok
yet another helpful tips for people that
in addition to them being able to get
some real benefit by the time they
complete the course is that when they're
doing the course that are getting to see
some examples
not just these sort of made up
hypothetical things but something that
people will see in in real life I you
know in their daily interactions that's
good to hear so he was curious about how
you were thinking about pricing in let's
talk a little bit about 12 minutes to go
tiller hours start winding it down here
soon but just in general how are you
thinking about setting the price points
were just talked about this the third
course that you're doing
yeah yeah I mean it's a gnarly subject
because reality is the bathroom right
yeah I mean what I've done personally I
price my two additional $9
this was nineteen and at the time I was
well I can undercut these guys but you
know I've read some contrarian evidence
that you know you want to price your
higher value but I'm actually experiment
with that literally no I am planning on
writing this new course higher in the
first because it is a bigger course it
has more content for its status more
ambitious than what's doing and what the
price can be so people are looking at
the Opera time giving instructors ok I
have recourse that the one hour overview
$89 and then maybe 1 $99 that's a very
broad and varied that's right so for me
it's so you're differentiate between the
levels of those courses exact pricing
your courses against each other to give
people feel they're in so how how do you
feel about this whole thing with me $10
pricing you know buying courses for $10
and I mean right now we're in the Black
Friday promotion is just see how this
goes to the head $10 for a couple of
days it's been 11 for couple days it's
$12 for a couple days
13132 1450 how this works out like how
many people well I mean forget about 90
they're gonna send more $10 deals just
wait until Cyber Monday are already a
week so you know a lot of people do you
understand the $10 pricing model how do
you feel about it was pretty shocking
cuz you know coming into this world I do
not think about it so you know I like
what I thought I was gonna get you know
whatever you like what's going on there
but over time it did so you know my
attitude toward you now is you he has a
lot more information about what price
points
gather the most revenue in the long-term
experiments on this you know they're not
afraid
experiments on this which is why I made
a lot of money over the past weekend
from the Black Friday so you know lots
and lots of people in the daytime stuff
and bad up what's important to me is
that they don't add up in terms of the
quarter demands right so you know if I'm
getting you know a million students at
$1 each and every one of them has a
question that you want to answer within
24 hours that's not a good thing but
that's not the case you know it turns
out that people are pretty reasonable
and try to find the answer for
themselves by March quarter contact so
supportive as I really that bad if you
increase the price of your courses over
time maybe I would only do it as an
experiment you know I mean it's really
hard to be like any details on that as
an instructor obviously but one of these
months where it's like not something
we're going on like the holidays
completing the day at a time I might try
to actually raise it like 190 what
happens is it true that people will see
that as a bigger discounts and more
compelling or we'll just scare away the
hell did you make it so you actually do
get some full-price sales on you I mean
not a lot you know and up realizing that
out there and they asked for you know
risking losing those not so we're really
pleased so raising the price that's the
thing about you anytime soon but I'm
likely with its ok very good well
anybody wants any more questions out
there were gonna be wrapped up in the
next few minutes so yes I understand you
did you wanna be my guess your not I
don't know
about the option of value I don't know
if you've actually treated in the
courses courses this is an ongoing how
much people will buy you things and so i
think is just different type of its a
new paradigm different type of a
marketplace people have to develop new
pricing works in value and whether
you're in there's arguments about this
you got it about whether you're like
cheapening your so and $10 type of
courses here in that's kind of a
separate discussion anyway about like
how you want to use you to perform
actually do choose to use your
introductory platform lower-priced
offerings on you to me and I'm gonna see
them in the hope that I can get them off
in some cases so I guess let's wrap up
with that one that I just do you think
about what your plans are for the future
particularly like you to be having some
discussions are you see you did you
consider the fact that you got your
socks after we've already been selling
are you see you're likely to stick with
you all stays as it is right now in
person or you see that you might have
some type of hybrid or what are your
thoughts in terms of
you know how are your interviews as far
as online courses go I'm glad it's
working really well you know i mean
there's maybe one or two other computing
platforms out there right now but
they're both you know I mean my
immediate goal is to get this number in
my head of where I want to be in the
long run and as long as I stay at that
number of questions about the courses
around so many course they're switching
mentally between the Montessori question
everyday and different topics so
long-term approach to going as well as a
backup plan just keep break horses out
there just because you know I'm gonna
try to focus on a handful they're
profitable and as you know I never
believed that knowledge exchange move on
courses will be client library but I
kind of want this worldwide corps
worries three main courses that i'm ok
and it doesn't sound like you really
have any thought about 200 I want to get
my courses on semi especially
considering that you said that pretty
much all your sales are coming from you
to be organic try to pull courses on
your own 100% marketing your own pretty
well that kind of ties it all together
brings us right back feels the same way
that you saying like finding your niche
you're also keeping in mind what you're
going to be focused on what kind of
twisted around with with the other stuff
trying to get out of class for
and even like you're trying to chase
after course after course to try to keep
things had a tight do what you need to
do it to me saying any more and more and
that's what we're trying to achieve it
you'd be right that is you know every
morning at the beach getaway with that
like over sounds get excellent player
and so you know I wish all of us much
success with that very thing get
ourselves in the situation that I kinda
got my diesel engine here that's
producing results and I can never see
jewel in comm with very little time
investment trained adjustments in
practice I would never spend a whole day
and that's okay it's wonderful to have
the option to do it and get back to
doing some more work right now then that
would be your option
go ahead so before we wrap things up
here on just one more time here so you
know where I will be uploaded to YouTube
where you can find it later on thanks so
much for coming in today I think
definitely good good test for people to
take away and again any of you watching
this who are not don't get your brain
it's not about those about the general
here will apply to you thanks for
joining us thanks for the people who
live in those who subscribe to that
later on hope you enjoy it you can find
the replay at least they're available
and I got discuss conversation there you
can feel free to do so happy
Thanksgiving to those of you who are
celebrating it have a great week to
those of you who are not
alright thanks Mark